Added reference to eth2 phases (#1800)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/eth2/docking/index.md

summary3: This will mark the end of proof-of-work for Ethereum, and the full transition to proof of stake.
summary2: The docking will merge "Eth1" mainnet with Eth2's beacon chain and sharding system.
summary1: Eventually the current Ethereum mainnet will "dock" with the rest of the Eth2 upgrades.

> summary4: You might know this as "Phase 1.5" on the technical roadmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary4: You might know this as "Phase 1.5" on technical roadmaps.
```
